{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":8,"position":8,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":8,"column":0},"end":{"row":13,"column":13},"action":"remove","lines":["Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!"],"id":2},{"start":{"row":8,"column":0},"end":{"row":45,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["Mile Stone Project 1 Lisa’s Nails","A mobile nail service, delivering a convenient and much needed pampering in the comfort of your home. ","UX","This website is for local use within the town the company operates within. It is intended to facilitate the service within the comfort of the users home own home. ","•\tAs a working parent, I want to arrange for my nails to be done at a time and location to suite me.","•\tAs a busy working woman, I want to arrange a fun evening for my girlfriends at a unique location.","Features","","Existing Features","•\tFeature 1 - allows users looking for a nail service to find a company offering this service in the location of their choice, by having them fill out an enquiry. ","•\tFeature 2 – demonstrates end results","•\tFeature 3 – allows users to link to a facebook page and leave a review","Features Left to Implement","•\tAnother feature idea is to track regular customer’s details, discounts, birthdays and special occasion dates and have automatic email sent out ahead of time.","Technologies Used","In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.","Bootstrap4","o\tThe project uses https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/getting-started/introduction/ to simplify structure.","Google Icons","o\tThe project uses http://www.iconarchive.com/tag/google for icons. ","Google Fonts","o\tThe project uses https://fonts.google.com/ for fonts. ","Testing","Back to top buttons operate as expected","Navigation bar operates to the correct location within the webpage","This is a front and only project; as such it loads, the images are clear and the back to tops operates as expected. ","This project is not written for multi-media platforms.","I have found the opacity of background image to foreground wording has not yet been fully balanced to satisfaction. ","Deployment","•\tTBC","","","Credits","Media","•\tThe photos used in this site were obtained from google free to use.","Acknowledgements","•\tI received inspiration for this project from my mum.",""]}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":2},"end":{"row":6,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["       ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ",""],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":2,"column":33},"end":{"row":3,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":4}],[{"start":{"row":4,"column":102},"end":{"row":5,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":5}],[{"start":{"row":15,"column":72},"end":{"row":16,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":6}],[{"start":{"row":19,"column":0},"end":{"row":20,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":7}],[{"start":{"row":28,"column":0},"end":{"row":29,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":8}],[{"start":{"row":35,"column":0},"end":{"row":36,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":9}],[{"start":{"row":39,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["",""],"id":10}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":45,"column":0},"end":{"row":45,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1578237854027,"hash":"213a5bcba9d70df94492ef3d3e2f9a3f8f0620a5"}